Add switch platform to Nice G.O. (#34370)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/nice_go.markdown

## Light

Lights on your garage door will appear as lights.

## Switch

> A switch for turning vacation mode on and off will be made available for each device.

Reviewer: In the PR description you give a bit more detail. Would it make sense to have that here as well?

> A switch for turning vacation mode on and off will be made available for each device. Vacation mode prevents operation of the door from physical control points. (e.g. wall station, wireless keypad, remote control, HomeLink, etc.)

Reviewer: could I still open the door remotely from Home Assistant?

Author: Yes, which is why I specified _physical_ control points.

> A switch for turning vacation mode on and off will be made available for each device. Vacation mode prevents operation of the door from physical control points. (e.g. wall station, wireless keypad, remote control, HomeLink, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A switch for turning vacation mode on and off will be made available for each device. Vacation mode prevents the operation of the door from physical control points such as a wall station, wireless keypad, remote control, or HomeLink. It can still be controlled from Home Assistant.
```
